Add improvements to configurable learn page (#5662)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/configure-observe/configure-ballerina-programs/provide-values-to-configurable-variables.md

| Ballerina type           | Ballerina example                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | TOML type                                                                                                                       | TOML example                                                                                                                                |
|--------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | int, byte                | <code>configurable   byte  age = ?;</code><br/>  <code>configurable   int  port = ?;</code>                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Integer                                                                                                                         | `age = 25` <br/>  `port = 9090`                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: configurable spec has following order in the types.
anydata : =  () | boolean | int | float | decimal | string | xml
             | anydata[] | map<anydata> | table<map<anydata>>

Shall we have same order?

| nil                      | <code>configurable string? city = "London";</code><br/><code>type Address record {</code><br/><code>string? city = "Paris";</code><br/><code>};</code><br/><code>configurable Address address = {};</code>                                                                                            | No TOML type is specified for the `()` value.<br/>A default value is expected when a configurable variable contains a nil type. |                                                                                                                                             |
| enum                     | <code>enum  Country {</code><br/>   <code>LK =  "Sri Lanka" ,</code><br/>  <code>US =  "United States"</code><br/> <code>}</code><br/> <code>configurable  Country country = ?;</code>                                                                                                                | String                                                                                                                          | `country = "Sri Lanka"`                                                                                                                     |

> | union, anydata, json     | <code>configurable int&#124;string code = ?;</code><br/><code>configurable anydata data = ?;</code><br/><code>configurable json payload = ?;</code>                                                                                                                                                   | Relevant TOML type for the value                                                                                                | `code = "10001A"`<br/>`data = 123` <br/>`payload = { name = "Jane"}`                                                                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| union, anydata, json     | <code>configurable int&#124;string code = ?;</code><br/><code>configurable anydata data = ?;</code><br/><code>configurable json payload = ?;</code>                                                                                                                                                   | Relevant TOML type for the value                                                                                                | `code = "10001A"`<br/>`data = 123` <br/>`payload = {name = "Jane"}`                                                                        |
```

| table                    | <code>configurable   table &lt;map&lt;string&gt;&gt; users = ?; </code>                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Array of TOML tables             | `[[users]]`<br/> `name = "Tom"`<br/> `occupation = "Software Engineer"`<br/> `[[users]]`<br/> `name = "Harry"`<br/> `occupation = "Doctor"` |
| table[]                  | <code>configurable   table &lt;map&lt;string&gt;&gt;[] userTeams = ?; </code>                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | 2D Array of inline-TOML tables   | `userTeams = [[{name = "Tom", team = "Dev"}, {name = "Harry", team = "Dev"}], [{name = "Anna", team = "Finance"}]]`                         |

> >**Note:** The `()` type is supported in a configurable variable only if it has optional configuration. In a 
> > configurable variable of record type, it is only supported if the `()` typed fields has default values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<br/>

>**Note:** The `()` type is supported in a configurable variable only if it has the optional configuration. In a 
record type configurable variable, it is only supported if the `()` typed fields have default values.
```

Reviewer 2: Shall we also add an entry in the table for the `()` type to show an example for what is described in the note?
It may be not clear what is meant by the optional configuration.

Author: We can't add an example for this because we can't configure nil values through TOML syntax. That's why we accept only cases with default values. 
If we have an entry with sample `configurable () nilValue = ();`, there will not be a entry for `TOML type` column.
